How to create a portfolio like mine
Step 1. Login to GitHub.com
Step 2. Enter your GitHub username
Step 3. Go to GitHub.com/new/import
Step 4. Enter the repository url
Step 5. Enter the repository name
Step 6. Click "Begin Import" and then wait for it to complete
Step 7. Edit _data/authors.yml
Step 8. Edit _includes/footer.html
Step 9. Edit _config.yml
Step 10. Edit admin/config.yml
Step 11. Go to Netlify.com and log in with GitHub.
Step 12. Click "New site from Git" and then select GitHub.
Step 13. Select the "YourUsername.github.io" repository and then hit "Deploy Site".
Step 14. Go to Settings -> General -> Site Details and change the site name to "YourUsername".
Step 15. Go to Identity and click "Enable Identity".
Step 16. Go to Settings -> Identity -> Registration and click "Edit settings".
Step 17. Select "Invite only" and then click save.
Step 18. Go to Settings -> Identity -> Services and click "Enable Git Gateway".
Step 19. Go to Identity.
Step 20. Click "Invite users", enter your email, click "Send" and then check your email for a site invitation.
Step 21. Click "Accept the invite" in the email and then enter a password.
Step 22. Go to the admin page (/admin).
Step 23. Login with your email and the password you just created.
Step 24. Make all of your desired changes using the CMS (Content Management System).
Step 25. View your site: YourUsername.github.io.